Added a guide on agent-oriented development (#523)
fetchai/agents-aea: docs/agent-oriented-approach.md

> # Agent-oriented problem solving

Reviewer: Can we use `agent-oriented` throughout rather than `agent-based`? I want to avoid confusion/conflation with agent based modelling

Author: I can try to change it in as many places as possible, but some aren't quite correct when agent-oriented is used.

> In this section, we highlight some of the most fundamental characteristics of the agent-based approach to solution development, and problem solving in general, which may be different from some of the existing paradigms and methodologies people are used to. We hope to be able to guide you towards having the right mindset when designing your own agent-based solutions to real world problems. 

Reviewer: `developers` rather than people

Author: Done

> <!-- Our aim with the following discussion is that we guide you--> 

Reviewer: Please remove comments..it is not good practice to keep comments in published work unless they are adding value.

Author: Will remove in the final version.

> <!-- Our aim with the following discussion is that we guide you--> 

Author: Done

## Decentralisation

> First and foremost is decentralisation. Multi-agent systems (MAS) are inherently decentralised. The vision is an environment in which every individual is able to directly connect with everyone else and interact with them without having to rely on a third-party to facilitate this. This is in direct contrast to centralised systems in which a single entity is the central point of authority, through which all interactions happen. Systems based on the client-server model are an example of centralised systems in which <!--a central facility (the server) provides a set of services to the clients. Furthermore, in these systems,--> clients interact with one another, regarding a specific service (e.g. communication, trade), through the server. 

Reviewer: `every agent` rather than `every individual`..although it might be individuals too it is probably easier to follow this text if we keep it focused on agents

Reviewer: please remove comment

Author: Done

> Note, this is not to say that facilitators and middlemen have no place in a Multi-Agent System; rather it is the 'commanding reliance on middlemen' that MAS disagrees with.

Reviewer: Remove leading whitespace here and in other lines.

Author: I do not see white spaces.

It is important to emphasise that by decentralisation we do not mean distribution; although multi-agent systems typically do tend to be distributed. A distributed system is one whose components are physically located in different places and connected over a network. A fully centralised system, owned and operated by a single entity, may in fact be highly distributed. Google's infrastructure is an example of this, where all of the components are distributed across the globe, yet designed to work together highly efficiently, and function in unison. Decentralisation on the other hand refers to a system whose components may be owned, operated, and managed by different stakeholders, each with their own personal objectives, interests, and preferences, which may not necessarily be aligned with one another or that of the system itself. Therefore, distribution refers to the physical placement of a system's components, whereas decentralisation refers to a) the diversity of ownership and control over a system's constituents, and b) the absence of a central point of authority between them.    

> To better illustrate the distinction between centralised and decentralised systems, consider search and discoverability in a commerce environment. In a central system (say amazon.com), there is a single search service provider -- owned and run by the commerce company itself -- which takes care of all search related functionality for every product within their domain. So to be discoverable in this system, all sellers must register their products with this particular search service provider. However in a decentralised system, there may not necessarily be a single search service provider. There may be multiple such providers, run by different, perhaps competing entities. Each seller has the freedom to register with (i.e. make themselves known to) one or a handful of providers. On the buyers side, the more providers they contact and query, the higher their chances of finding the product they are looking for. 

Reviewer 2: I think the case is already quite clear and adding another example makes the text very long.
```suggestion
```

## Conflicting Environment

> Another characteristic of multi-agent systems, which is a direct consequence of their decentralisation, is their conflicting nature. As discussed above, the notion of decentralisation extends as far as ownership and control. Therefore, the different components that make up a decentralised system may each be owned by a different entity, designed according to very different principles and standards, with heterogeneous software and hardware, and each with internal objectives that may be fundamentally inconsistent, worst yet contradictory, with those of others. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As discussed above, the notion of decentralisation extends as far as ownership and control. Therefore, the different components that make up a decentralised system may each be owned by a different entity, designed according to very different principles and standards, with heterogeneous software and hardware, and each with internal objectives that may be fundamentally inconsistent, worst yet contradictory, with those of others. 
```

> <!--As their name suggest, there are more than one agent in a multi-agent environment, each changing the state of the environment to their own liking. Crucially, as a decentralised system, MAS makes no such assumption that agents are owned by the same entity, or designed homogeneously along the same line of standards and principles. In fact, a distinctive characteristic of a multi-agent environment is that it is inhabited by more than one agent, each being owned by a different stakeholder (individual, company, government).-->

Reviewer: Could be removed, but the homogenous design bit can be added to the below para (i think this is key to highlight, especially wrt protocols)

> As such, a distinctive characteristic of a multi-agent environment is that it is inhabited by more than one agent, as the name suggests :), where each agent may be owned potentially by a different stakeholder (individual, company, government). Since by design each agent represents and looks after the interests of its owner(s), and because different stakeholders may have unaligned, conflicting, or contradictory interests, it is very common that in a multi-agent system, the agents' objectives, values and preferences may also be unaligned, conflicting, or contradictory.

Reviewer: Please remove the emoji.

Author: Innocent little break when reading a long piece :)

> As such, a distinctive characteristic of a multi-agent environment is that it is inhabited by more than one agent, as the name suggests :), where each agent may be owned potentially by a different stakeholder (individual, company, government). Since by design each agent represents and looks after the interests of its owner(s), and because different stakeholders may have unaligned, conflicting, or contradictory interests, it is very common that in a multi-agent system, the agents' objectives, values and preferences may also be unaligned, conflicting, or contradictory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the case of a multi-agent environment, each agent represents and looks after the interests of its owner(s). Because different stakeholders (individuals, companies, governments) may have unaligned, conflicting, or contradictory interests, the agents' objectives, values and preferences may also be unaligned, conflicting, or contradictory.
```

> There are practical implications that follow from the above when it comes to designing an agent. For example, it is not rational for an agent to automatically rely on the information it receives from other agents. The information could be incomplete; what is unrevealed may have been deemed private for strategic reasons. The information could be uncertain, the result of an inaccurate prediction. Or it could be an outright lie, due to the adversarial nature of the environment. Therefore there is a degree of uncertainty attached to almost all information an agent receives in a multi-agent system. One could argue for taking a sceptical approach; treating everything as uncertain, unless proved otherwise.  

Reviewer 2: Good opportunity to use bullet points instead of a long paragraph:

```suggestion
There are practical implications that follow from the above when it comes to designing an agent. For example, an agent should not automatically rely on the information it receives from other agents because it could be:

* Incomplete: What is unrevealed may have been deemed private for strategic reasons
* Uncertain: The result of an inaccurate prediction
* False: Due to the adversarial nature of the environment

Therefore there is a degree of uncertainty attached to almost all information an agent receives in a multi-agent system. One could argue for taking a skeptical approach; treating everything as uncertain, unless proved otherwise.
```

> Therefore when designing an agent, one has to be aware of this conflicts of interest, and take this into account when for example the agent gathers information from other agents .    

Reviewer 2: Redundant with the previous paragraph.

```suggestion
```

## Asynchronization

Another inherent difference: Agents are autonomous, thus:

> **Asynchronization**; agent vs object (want vs must); no guarantees w.r.t. Responses (may lie/incomplete (see above), respond later (you are low priority to them), don’t respond because they don’t want to)

Reviewer: This needs to be finished

Author: Yes

In practice: your decision making and action should be as much as possible independent of interactions with others; decoupling of decision/actions and interactions. Try to interact with others but decide/act based on information/responses you have and shouldn’t wait to get all responses

> ## Complex, Incomplete, Inconsistent and Uncertain

Reviewer 2: This section somewhat repeats what is at the end of `Conflicting Environment`. I'd say it can be dropped, but incorporating the following into that other section:

* `Complex` (because this isn't necessarily mentioned)
* `So should build an approximate model based on all the information one has.`
